Question asked mostly by backend developer roles :- 
1.what is jwt and how its work with frontend and backend , access token and refresh token with proper diagram + header,payload,signature
2. What is middleware how its work, what is the use case in fastapi?
3.what is cors? Where it defined in backend , whats the use case why occurred ?if the issue with different port or domain, so how its work in mobile apps , @Restapi, means in android app
4. Primary key vs unique key 
5. Decorators , generators with proper example how its work , they might be asked question based on this , understand me .
6. What is closure ? how its work with example .
7. What is list comprehension ?
8. Mostly asked what is list , tuple, set, dict, string, is this inbuilt data structure ?
9. Which is fast array or list and why ?
10. Some exposure with AIML - like token,vector, vector database, openAI.
11.ORM or ODM how its work ?
12.Http methods how its work ? GET,POST,PUT,PATCH,OPTION
13. How connect with database in python? Step by step describe in detail?
14. What is docker ? image , container , docker engine with command how use?
15. Suppose we create on repo want to deploy? What are the basic steps, what to do ? deploy with docker ? exposure with CI/CD Pipelines 
16. Set vs frozen set.
17. Deepcopy vs shallow copy with example 
18. Fibonacci series with generators , make prime number function.
19.  what is *args and **args with example ?
20. Memory management in python how its work?
21. JWT vs outh, Outh2.0?
22. Multithreading in python
Question asked mostly from OOPs :- 
1. what is oops, why oops, what’s the use case ?
2. Abstraction how its work with proper example and real time usecase?
3. Inheritance with all types supported in python?
4. What is static method and class method ?
Question asked mostly from  database  :- 
1. Transaction in database ?
2. Primary key vs unique key ?
3. Normalization in database with example ?
4. Aggregation pipeline in mongodb , like $unwind, sort, limit and all the things in details 
5. Join in mongodb ?
6. Sql query asked basic like write a query to find second highest salary from user table or user 
7. Modify table , means add one column more in table like middle_name 
8.serialization vs deserialization.
